[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
I can't tell you
how many times
people have asked me
how they're supposed to connect
with their guides or angels
when they need help.
Because each of us
is very different,
that answer is
difficult. So I invited
one of my very favorite people,
Joan Walker, back on our show
after a three year absence
to speak with her archangels
about this topic, which is
really a critical topic.
People feel so stranded and
alone here on Earth, right?
>>JOAN WALKER:
Right, and they feel
very separate from
whatever part of the I
am presence or God
presence, that that's
up way beyond their reach,
and that's not correct.
>>REGINA: No, it's not.
We're a unique species,
no doubt about it.
We need help.
But the fact that
most people aren't
even aware they can ask for
help is part of, I think,
the frustration not just
here, but in the other realm.
They're standing by.
I imagine our guides
on smoke breaks,
like waiting for someone
to ask for some help.
[CHUCKLE]
>>WALKER: Well, in this realm of
experience, we have free will.
So your guides, your angels,
the archangel community,
the master community,
cannot interfere with what
you're creating in your reality.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WALKER: And so it's very,
very important that you ask.
So in order to do that, you
have to take time for yourself.
You have to have some sort
of what I call prayer time.
But it's not petitioning,
"Oh Lord, help me with this,
or give me that."
It's about setting
up a communication
with that higher
aspect of yourself,
the source of your
being, that God essence.
And then inviting
into your experience
the intercession of maybe your
guardian angel or your guides
that are all around you.
You have a whole
community at your access.
Why not begin to invite
them into your space?
>>REGINA: It's true.
But most people say,
oh, that's all cool,
but once they get there, I don't
know how to hear them anyway.
That's probably the most
common retort to that--
>>WALKER: Exactly.
>>REGINA: --is, how
am I supposed to know
what they're saying to me?
And that's why when I was
thinking about this topic,
I thought, why not ask the
guides how we're supposed to?
Rather than us telling
people our particular method
of connecting with them, why
not ask them on the other side
how we best reach them?
It seems like a
great conversation.
>>WALKER: It is a
great conversation,
but it's a very
individualized experience.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>WALKER: And it
isn't taken lightly.
It doesn't mean that
everyone has the ability
to be a channel or a mystic
in some way, a medium.
But you do have the
ability to communicate
with the source of who you are.
And this takes private
time, and a lot of people
aren't willing to do that.
>>REGINA: It's a process.
>>WALKER: To get
into the magic of it.
And it's not.
It's about building
a relationship.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>WALKER: Just like you
do with a close friend.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>WALKER: So that's the first
and most important thing.
>>REGINA: It is, and everybody
gets there a different way.
>>WALKER: Exactly.
And it may be 5 minutes
out of your day,
it may be 10 minutes,
whatever feels right.
>>REGINA: It may
take you 20 years
to create the
relationship itself.
>>WALKER: Not really.
In these times, not really.
If you are diligent, it
happens very quickly.
Now that doesn't mean
that you hear voices,
or you see visions, but
you will have inspiration.
You will have thoughts
that come to you.
It's important that you write
those down and then look back
on it.
Wait a week or two weeks,
and then read your journal.
There's a wealth of information,
that ideas and thoughts come
to you, feelings come to you.
You have to pay attention.
>>REGINA: Right.
And we usually think,
ugh, later, that's random.
>>WALKER: Yeah, I'm too busy.
>>REGINA: I'm too busy.
So before we begin and go
to the Triad of Beings,
we'll talk about that
in a minute, first,
for those people who haven't
met you yet in our audience--
because it has been three years,
we have lots of new viewers
since then--
let's get a little flavor first
about how you initially came
into contact with your beings.
And then I'll share a little bit
about my kooky entrée into all
of that.
>>WALKER: Well, it was
kind of a kooky for me.
[LAUGH]
>>REGINA: Let's talk about
it, because you were, what?
A Catholic housewife.
>>WALKER: Yes.
Well, by that time,
I was in business.
I had my own business, and I
had a lot of responsibilities
and a lot of stress.
And at the same time, I
was raising four kids.
>>REGINA: Right, right.
>>WALKER: So needless
to say, there
were a lot of times my
life wasn't working.
And fortunately, the
foundations of my spirituality
was in a prayer life that was
taught to me as an early child,
even though it wasn't
working for me,
and I had kind of pushed that
aside several years prior.
I started looking because
I knew there was something
that I was missing.
And so I went to a
metaphysical bookstore,
and started reading
a lot of books,
and developed a
meditation practice
that helped me stay
centered, and calm,
and eliminate some of my stress.
And so it just
evolved from there.
And in my meditation practice,
I would get these thoughts.
And it was like,
wow, that's good.
But when I would
get to work or get
involved in my day-to-day
life, I would forget them.
So I decided I needed
to write that down.
So that's how it began.
And one day, I had this
presence I felt within me
in my solar plexus.
And at that time, I was
meditating in another room,
and my husband was watching
a ballgame in another room.
And so I said, there's
something going on here,
and it really is scaring me.
And he said, oh, you'll be OK.
Go lay down on the bed.
So all of a sudden,
it was my guide.
We have been waiting for you.
And there were three of them.
And so that's how it started.
>>REGINA: You said
this out loud?
They were letting you
know, or did you say--
>>WALKER: No, this
feeling inside of me
just had to come out.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>WALKER: So I took
a big, deep breath,
and, boy, that
drew his attention.
>>REGINA: Your
husband's attention.
>>WALKER: So he paid attention.
And fortunately for
me, at that time,
he had this little
handheld recorder
that he would record, in
his business life, letters
that his secretary was to type.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm, a
little dictation machine.
>>WALKER: Yeah.
And so he grabbed it and
recorded what I had said.
And so that's how it started.
>>REGINA: So that
went on a little bit.
You just started talking.
>>WALKER: Yeah, I
just started talking.
>>REGINA: And so what
was on that first tape?
>>WALKER: Well, they
introduced themselves.
And then they just said they had
been with me for a very, very
long time, and this was not
the first incarnation that they
had been with me, and
that they were here
to make me aware of
who I was and why
I had come into this
particular incarnation.
>>REGINA: Can you share that?
>>WALKER: Well,
first of all, they
said they came for me to
awaken my consciousness,
and that through my
patterning from childhood,
I had a lot of negative programs
that I would have to release
and change my mind about.
And they were there to help me.
So that's how it started.
It was for me.
It was not for the
world or any of that.
And it wasn't until
20 years later
that, one time, I was engaged
in receiving information,
and Lord Metatron came.
And it just took my
breath away because
of the energy behind that.
And he said that he had
brought with him a teacher that
was going to be with
me for some time,
and that was Master Kuthumi.
And then through Master
Kuthumi, he said,
I have a project for you--
I want you to teach a
meditation practice.
And that's all he said.
And he didn't tell
me that I was going
to be required to communicate
a whole series of teaching
that he called a curriculum on
awakening the self-awareness
and consciousness of individuals
on just how they were connected
to vast regions of creation.
So that's how that started.
>>REGINA: And here we are now.
And I'll share this.
I'll just make it brief.
It was totally undisciplined
and unexpected,
but I had been playing
around a little bit.
One day, I was jogging,
and I had my normal route
around the park.
And this particular day,
I was lazy, and I thought,
I think I'll cut
off that leg of it,
and just turn right and go home.
But I couldn't turn right.
Something was pushing my body
so that I couldn't turn right.
I had to keep going.
And I thought,
what's that about?
Who's pushing me?
So I just finished up, and
I was a little more tired.
And I thought, I didn't
want to run that far.
So I got home, and then I
had this very clear feeling
to sit down.
And a friend and I had
bought a Ouija board,
and we had been playing with
the Ouija board a little bit,
just having fun with it,
nothing scary at all.
And I had this sudden
urge I was supposed
to take the Ouija board out, but
there was no one there but me.
I thought, OK, this
is a little crazy.
And it said on the Ouija
board, go get a pencil.
Go to your typewriter.
No-- go get a pencil
and paper first.
So this happened really fast.
And I thought, OK.
I got a pencil and paper, a big
drawing pad and had a pencil.
And I thought, I am not going
to consciously participate
in what's going on.
I'll just look the other way.
So I just was like this,
looked the other way,
and put my hand up, and said, if
something's supposed to happen,
do something.
So my hands started
moving very rapidly.
And after I looked at it
later on, at the end of that,
it was perfect circles over
each other, perfect lines,
perfect loops, but they were
right on top of each other.
And all I felt was movement.
And I thought, OK,
well, something
wants to practice handwriting
so they can probably
do automatic writing.
I'd heard of it.
And then they said, pretty
quickly, go to the typewriter.
[LAUGH]
Let's speed this thing up.
I went to the typewriter.
And same thing, I'm sitting,
I'm not going to do anything.
I left my hands in my
lap and closed my eyes.
And all of a sudden, almost
like balloons on my hands,
my hands floated up and
gently hit the keys.
And I closed my eyes
and said, whatever,
and they just started flying.
And as each word
was being typed,
I was aware of the words at
that moment, but not prior.
And so I went back and looked at
it, and it was quite coherent.
And I thought, OK.
And so it progressed
on from there
to, you don't need
the typewriter,
if you can hear the
words while we do it,
you can hear the words.
And very rapidly,
that progressed
into listening, and
then little, kind
of secret handshake,
which was a funny feeling
on the top of the head.
Each one brought a
different feeling.
And thus, it began to
start, just simple.
Same thing for myself,
basic Q&A stuff--
what are you doing here?
What am I doing here?
>>WALKER: Exactly.
>>REGINA: And it was
just for me, that weird,
little day where
it had been decided
that would be the day I'd
begin doing automatic typing,
and that lasted for
that little while,
and then it went
on till I didn't
need the devices anymore.
And each person I've talked to,
the channeler, Sheila Gillette,
she started with the Ouija board
doing the same kind of thing,
playing.
Everybody has their
own path to this.
>>WALKER: Exactly.
>>REGINA: And there's
no right, no wrong.
>>WALKER: No wrong, mm-mm.
>>REGINA: And it can be
way weirder than that.
Some people have it through
near-death experiences.
And suddenly, things are
made available to them
that they could hear that
they couldn't hear prior.
>>WALKER: How many
people out there have--
say they were
going to the store.
I've had this
experience early on.
And it kind of was cloudy,
and something in my mind said,
take an umbrella Ann, because
you're going to need it.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WALKER: And if I would
pay attention to that,
everything was fine.
If I didn't, it'd be
pouring down rain,
and I would get soaking
wet going back to my car.
Or at work, I had this sense
that I needed to pay attention
to a certain thing.
So I learned over the years,
even before my gifts started
taking hold within me, that
there were things going on
that I kind of took for
granted or just really didn't
pay attention to.
That's one of those
things Master Kuthumi
used to tell me often, often--
you don't pay attention.
And the other thing
that he said is
that you have senses, use them.
Your body senses things.
You have ideas that
just magically appear.
Those are the
things that they are
sending you to help you along.
Your guides, maybe
your archangel,
says, pay attention to
something, your guardian angel.
And those are the
things that recur often
in everyone's life in
one way or another.
So it's about paying attention.
>>REGINA: I agree.
And everybody that's
listening or watching
can relate to that because
we've all had these experiences,
and we all know what it's like
when we don't pay attention.
>>WALKER: Exactly.
And so then you learn
to develop those.
You hone the skills.
So what is an individual asset,
a beautiful talent or ability,
that has laid really
deep in your unconscious
has an opportunity to surface.
You have come into this lifetime
with certain gifts for you
to share, and gifts that you use
for your own self-development
and evolvement.
And it's up to us
to uncover those.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
So with that, a
little later on, we'll
talk about some other
things going on in your life
right now, but
with that, shall we
go ahead and talk to
the Triad of Beings?
>>WALKER: Well,
that would be great.
>>REGINA: OK, so let's
talk about who they are.
>>WALKER: OK.
There is, in recent times, in
some of the group gatherings
that we hold, that
instead of an individual
coming forth through me--
such as Master
Kuthumi, or Metatron,
or Archangel Michael--
they have started
coming, first, in what
they call triadic
collective consciousness.
And so they are showing us, they
are starting to teach humanity
that, yes, you are this
individual expression
of the divine, but
you also are part
of a vast collective
consciousness.
And this operates
simultaneously.
So this particular
triadic configuration
is a very powerful
configuration.
It is Metatron, Lord
Metatron, Lord Michael,
who is also an archangel,
and Lord Melchizedek.
And so they just
come and speak as
this collective
consciousness with the intent
to help humanity evolve
their consciousness
and their awareness.
>>REGINA: And is
this the group--
is this collective mostly what's
coming through you these days?
Or did they just let you know
that's what's happening today?
>>WALKER: Sometimes, it will be
the collective of all that is.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>WALKER: It will
be a collective
of the divine feminine.
It varies.
>>REGINA: Right.
But they gave you a heads up.
It'd be these three today.
>>WALKER: Exactly.
They always tell you who they
are and why they're there.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm, yeah.
>>WALKER: And that was
part of an agreement
that, early on, I had made,
because I own the body.
>>REGINA: Right, you want to
know who's talking through it.
>>WALKER: Exactly.
>>REGINA: OK, so
with that in mind,
we'll go ahead and
go to the triad
of these wonderful beings.
And we'll let you disappear
for a little while,
and then when you come back,
we'll chat about things, OK?
>>WALKER: OK, that'll be great.
Greetings.
It is the triad configuration
of Metatron, Michael,
and Melchizedek.
We have come as a sector of
the collective consciousness
of the all that is to speak
with you at this time.
It is so important,
beloveds, for humanity
to rise up, release the old
programming of denser times,
and realize the creativity
that each individual possesses,
to realize that you are part of
this vast, harmonic collective
consciousness that is in
the midst of great change.
Change the world
in which you live.
Bring it in out of separation,
division, polarization,
and bring forth the new era
that is based in love and unity.
And most importantly, building
a coherence within the divine
energies within each
and every one of you,
but also that coherence within
the collective consciousness
of humanity.
It is time now,
time long passed,
since we bring you through our
guidance into this new era.
The question that I have for
each and every one of you--
will you do this in
chaos, or will you
do it in peace, and
harmony, and love?
There is a way that this can be
manifested by each individual,
and that is going into
the center of your being,
being very still, into
that beautiful sacred heart
of yours.
Each and every
one of you possess
a coherent consciousness
within that heart.
And when you concentrate
on opening that heart,
first and foremost, to
yourself, and realize
that you are loved beyond
your comprehension,
and start to understand that
the first step you have to take
is seeing the value that
you bring to the world.
At this very moment, you
don't have to fully understand
why you are here, but you
do have to value yourself
as a being, a divine being, made
in the image of your creator.
And because of that,
you have great value.
You have taken on an
incarnation into a physical body
to assist in great change.
And that change,
beloveds, starts with you.
>>REGINA: Yes,
thank you for that.
And you said a moment ago that
this change is long overdue.
And as you can see, looking
at the energies of our planet
right now and certainly
this part of the world,
we have gone more into
separation, fear, judgement,
anger.
All this has happened
and been building up
over the last couple
of decades because I
guess the change didn't happen
when it could have earlier.
Everything that has happened
in recent events, what's it
look like from where
you sit, energetically?
>>WALKER: Well, energetically,
it's not as fragmented
as you might see.
>>REGINA: Share that, please.
>>WALKER: There are many
factions working, many states
of consciousness playing
out in the physical realm,
not just on your planet,
but in this entire sector
of your universe.
>>REGINA: Explain a little
more about that, the change
you speak of in the times.
This extends out?
>>WALKER: Of course.
>>REGINA: Yes, OK.
>>WALKER: One of the
significant things
is that Earth, in
its origination,
was a 12-dimensional
Christed planet.
It was the only physical
planet in this sector of,
not just the galaxy,
not just the universe,
but the cosmos, that
had a semblance of form.
It was a beautiful creation
from the realm of source.
>>REGINA: It is.
>>WALKER: And as
individuals came and created
in that environment,
they wanted to create
more denseness, more tangible,
and experiment with that.
Where we find ourselves today
is in a very dense environment,
a dimensional denseness
that plays out as separation
through separation and fear.
So what you're seeing in some
of this havoc and disruption
is fear of survival.
That is a great imprint in
the consciousness of humanity
that operates in what you call
that third, fourth-dimensional
environment.
And what is desired,
what a vast portion of,
not just the great beings in
the various realms of creation,
but humanity itself,
uplifting humanity
to its original state with full
consciousness of themselves
as divine creators and also
as a collective consciousness
of the divine.
So what you are seeing, what
is publicized in your media,
is the chaos because it sells
papers, it sells TV programs,
it sells news.
And this is not a
really adequate picture.
There are many unnamed masters
walking your planet today
that walk in that beautiful
consciousness of Earth's
original state.
And they are here to
make a difference,
some just by their
presence, just
by who they are and
the energy they carry.
Do you realize, when you
interact with others,
that you change that individual,
sometimes for their betterment,
sometimes for their
upliftment, by what you say,
how open your heart is, not
just to them, but openness
to who you are, being kind,
and expressing yourself
in that format?
So there are many, many
who are making a change.
And it's not publicized
because there's still
that fear, that underlying
fear, of what has gone before--
the persecutions,
the non-acceptance.
It's very important to
the ego of the individuals
in human form in
that denser state
to be accepted by their
community, by their friends,
by their family.
And they are fearful
of stepping outside
of that, even when
inside, in their heart,
in that consciousness
of their heart,
they know the places
that they need to be,
what they need to
say, and how they
need to create their lives.
These are the ones that
are making the changes.
Doesn't mean you have
to be a great teacher
with great followings, just that
you have to create your life
experience from that format.
And in that, you change much of
the collective consciousness.
>>REGINA: Thank you.
And time-- just to
go back a moment,
you said that this time for
this change from a denser
reality to lighter reality
is throughout this quadrant
of the universe at this time?
>>WALKER: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: So other
planets and other species
are going through a
similar thing to what we're
going through now?
>>WALKER: Absolutely.
You see, this
quadrant of the galaxy
fell to that denser
state of consciousness.
Parts of the universe,
the Milky Way universe,
did not fall to that
denseness, but they did fall
because they were dependent
on the emanations from Earth
as that Christed vehicle--
>>REGINA: Oh, interesting.
>>WALKER: --to keep them
very centered and aware,
and it was such a
devastating event
when that happened that the
consciousness of Earth fell.
There was such a thing
as an energetic template
that was within the
Earth energy that
was called the Christed matrix.
And this Christed matrix
emanated vast thought,
vast light, undifferentiated
light, undifferentiated love,
a source, and that's the
vibration that Earth carried.
In that denseness, in
that final cataclysm
at the fall into
third dimension,
that Christed
matrix was removed.
And these planetary systems
in the vaster regions
of the universe that
were dependent on that
were very limited
in their evolvement
because they didn't
have that influence.
But they could maintain
a certain level.
So these are the ones that,
for those who are aware,
can hear from the
Sirians, the Pleiadians,
many sources that guide the
evolvement of the planet.
>>REGINA: But they also need
this planet to recover itself.
>>WALKER: Exactly.
>>REGINA: Will that energy
that was taken away return?
>>WALKER: Absolutely.
In 2011, that Christed matrix
was returned and placed
in the heart of Gaia, of Earth.
It was also placed in the
heart of every human that is
in an incarnation at this time.
It was dormant.
It wasn't vibrating and
emanating that light.
But since 2011, there
was great change
that came about after 2012.
It wasn't what many expected,
that they would wake up
and everything
would be wonderful.
Absolutely not.
You are the creators.
Every one, every
human, is a creator.
And it is up to them, they
are the ones, in bodies,
in human form, in
a physical form,
that have to uplift
a physical planet.
We can guide you.
We can send you vast
amounts of love and light.
But you are the ones
that create form in form.
So when you change
your thought, you
change the emotions you
use, and you implement that,
and you create in the day-to-day
life, you alter, substantially,
humans themselves
and Earth itself.
So the environment
supports this evolvement.
>>REGINA: I was told,
not that long ago,
by someone who looks
into these things
that the great crystal that
everything resonated to
in Atlantis before the
loss of that continent
was alive and active, and
that it was still pulsing out
its signal.
Is there any truth that
that technology from the day
is beginning to reassert itself?
>>WALKER: Absolutely, and
there was more than one.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>WALKER: There were several.
>>REGINA: And that some people
are particularly attuned to it.
>>WALKER: Exactly.
Now that said, the
crystalline grid
within the Earth,
the crystalline grid
that you know about, is
a denser configuration.
There are two levels below that
that are crystalline in form.
The third level is
of that golden age,
and it is still emanating.
>>REGINA: This is what
I am asking about, yes.
>>WALKER: Yes, it's
like a vast computer.
So what has to happen is this
top layer has to be cleared.
And the archangelic community
has been charged with that duty
and enlisted many
who have technology,
who have remembrances, to
come to the aid of the grid
and to make great
changes in that grid
so that what is beneath it
can come to the surface.
You know crystals are
used for communication.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WALKER: And they
can be programmed.
They absorb as well
as they transmit.
So this grid that it
is at the very top
is in the process
of being cleared.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>WALKER: And when that happens,
then more of this communication
will be able to surface.
And the archangelics
are protecting it
so that it's not contaminated
by what is on the top.
>>REGINA: Oh, excellent.
And some of the
people, many, many
of the people who were
alive at that time
are incarnate back at this time.
>>WALKER: Exactly.
>>REGINA: And they can start
receiving these signals,
so to speak, from
the central computer.
And if you were
to say to someone
how that information
is utilized--
first of all, what
would you say the nature
of that information to
that person would be?
Because maybe it's on a
subconscious level, a level
below our conscious awareness.
>>WALKER: Now you're
speaking of the--
>>REGINA: The crystal
communicating through
this technology back out
again and resurfacing.
>>WALKER: Well, it
is about bringing
the awareness of each
individual that they contribute
to the environment and
who they are as creators.
>>REGINA: Right, OK, to
reignite that remembrance,
that knowledge.
>>WALKER: That remembrance
and the ability
to create precisely.
>>REGINA: Clear thought.
>>WALKER: Clear thought.
So there are many that are
now involved in such things.
These new beings
coming in since 2012,
these souls that are
reincarnating now
into physical bodies, come in
at that fifth dimensional level,
no longer at that denser level.
So they are brilliant.
The generations
coming up are going
to make great
significant changes.
And that is due to those beings
who are working so diligently,
and that you think
are in the minority.
But because you think
they are in the minority,
you don't take
into consideration
the emanation of their
collective consciousness
and the impact that
they have on the world.
They are the ones that--
we tell them always, you
were the ones in
the trenches, you
were the ones that
lay the foundation
for these beautiful
souls to come in.
Because without
you, they could not
come into such a
dense environment.
You are the ones that are
changing that environment
so they can come in
and do what they do.
So these beautiful beings, they
are going to change everything.
They are starting to.
You are aware in your
educational system
that traditional rote
memorization isn't working.
These children are
far beyond that.
They grasp things so quickly.
Their mind, their neurology, can
process complex thought in ways
that the older
generations were not
without some type of
conscious awareness
and actually working
on developing that.
And there are many out there
doing that now, changing
the neurology of the body,
the physiology of the body.
The body is going to change.
It won't be the dense
manifestation that it is today.
And the psychology, all
of that dense programming.
It's not about right
or wrong, beloveds.
It's about denseness.
It's about negativity, fear.
And you have to walk through
that and into the light.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And would you say,
along with this,
that the DNA of these young ones
is altered, has been changing?
>>WALKER: Yes.
>>REGINA: And what's the
commonality of those DNA,
those genetic changes?
>>WALKER: They have more
DNA strands fully activated.
Now that's not to say that those
embodied in form now cannot
change that DNA structure.
Your scientific
community only knows
about two specific stands.
There are 12.
And once you activate in through
that fourth, fifth strand,
you begin to realize more who
you are at a conscious level.
Not so much lies
in the unconscious.
So you can alter that.
It's been proven in your
scientific community
that you can alter that
DNA structure simply
by what you think on
a consistent basis
and how you use your emotions.
So that includes being conscious
of the thoughts that you think
and talk to yourself about.
>>REGINA: Well, I think
that is a perfect time
to begin introducing the subject
we had planned on talking
about today, and I want to thank
you very much for everything
you've added up to this point.
Because when you're
talking about the things
we tell ourselves,
oftentimes, we
try to be more mindful about
this while in meditation,
for example.
So let's talk about
what happens when
we go into a quiet state
with the specific intention
of trying to reach your realm
or other realms of guidance.
Because many people say,
well, I wish I had a guide.
If I have one, I can't
hear them, and so forth,
and feel lost and alone
when it comes time
to make some of the
tough decisions in life.
So I think the first
question I would
ask you is, how does a person
who has not really explored
this, but would like
to, begin recognizing
when their guidance
is present to them?
>>WALKER: It's like developing
a closer relationship
with someone that you
feel very connected to.
You spend time, don't you,
communicating with that person?
So it's the same thing here.
If this is your intention,
that's the first step.
The second step is
paying attention.
>>REGINA: Yes.
This is what Joan was saying.
>>WALKER: And we will respond.
Now, have no preconceived
ideas or beliefs
on how that's going to manifest,
because this communication
takes time to
develop, especially
when it's lied dormant for
many, many, many years for some.
So if you provide yourself with
a very quiet environment just
to sit, and with your intention,
call forth your guardian angel,
call forth your guide, and
ask that they be with you
in a more conscious way.
Thank them for their presence.
And you can't just do this
once every few months.
You can't develop a close
relationship with another human
if you only see them
every six months
or hear from them
every six months.
You have to develop it in
the present moment, not
about any past
experiences, but just
what's in the present moment.
And you pay attention to the
energy that is developing
around you and within you.
Feel how that heart feels.
Open.
Feel the light
that is within you.
Sometimes, it's helpful if
you journal, if you write.
I felt this, I felt a
closeness to an energy that
was very light-filled or very
loving, I felt very loved.
>>REGINA: So start
validating the early feelings
that you're having.
>>WALKER: Yes.
This is how you pay attention.
Because once you leave that
very sacred environment
that you've created, and you get
back into your day-to-day life
where you're bombarded by
multiple, different types
of energy, that
kind of dissipates
until you discipline
yourself to stay
centered, to pay attention,
when you're triggered, when
you get fearful.
And through this intercession
with your guides at first,
possibly, you'll call
forth an archangel
or an angel of some
type that comes
to help you in a specific way.
You might have ideas, or
you might have thoughts
that you've never had before.
Document that, and then
go back and read it.
Don't just document it
and throw it in a drawer,
and six months later,
forget about it.
Read it.
That's what reinforces
the communication.
>>REGINA: And it
validates the experience.
>>WALKER: And it validates
that something is changing.
Be patient.
There's a lot of
denseness that you
have to sift through and
eliminate as you pay attention.
What's your self-talk?
What are you thinking when
you're brushing your teeth?
you're dressing in the morning?
And through the intercession
of these great beings,
you begin to alter
those thoughts,
you begin to have a more
calmness to yourself.
And when things come up that
you would normally react to,
you realize you have a choice.
I don't need to do that.
And you move on.
But this takes time.
>>REGINA: In this
process, when a person
is going to their guides,
say, now, to make a request.
Let's talk about the
nature of request.
There can be requests for,
of course, many reasons,
and some of them
are very beautiful,
and others can be maybe a
little more self-serving.
Is the presence of that
person's own higher mind or soul
working in the complex
with this guide
to say, no, we're not
going there exactly,
but we'll take them here, which
will maybe take them slightly
off but to a better place?
So does the soul, our own
soul, then factor into it?
>>WALKER: Yes.
Very good point to bring up.
First of all, you're giving
too much power to that being.
>>REGINA: Yes, mm-hmm.
>>WALKER: The power is
within each individual.
Your soul has a voice.
Your soul has a wisdom
of many, many, many times
in which it was in
some type of form.
So there is a wisdom
that it possesses.
And many times, you're not
even aware of that voice.
So here is another
part of you that you
have to become conscious of.
Some people call that the
descension of spirit into body.
So as you practice being
centered, calling forth light,
calling forth love
of the creator,
you develop an
energetic presence
that is a very
nurturing environment
to begin to receive the
wisdom of your soul.
And understand that it does
have a presence within you.
Pay attention.
Write that down.
>>REGINA: But that's where
you guys come in handy,
is to help us where we're
not hearing that very
ephemeral whisper of the soul.
Maybe a guide or an archangel
can become more strongly
present to rap us on the head.
>>WALKER: Exactly.
>>REGINA: But it
does have to live
within the relationship
with the soul
and what the soul says when we
have a request to you, right?
>>WALKER: That's correct.
>>REGINA: So we may
think they didn't answer.
>>WALKER: Yes.
You have come into a
human form for a reason,
and your soul
knows that reasons.
That is you.
Your soul is you.
It's not separate from you.
And it has a wisdom
and a knowledge.
You have that
wisdom and knowledge
when you can uncover it.
It has ownership of your body.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>WALKER: You are in charge.
You are the creator
of your reality.
And through the intercession
of these beautiful beings,
they are here to show you that.
They are not here to say,
oh, you have to do this,
you have to do that.
No, no, no.
Your soul, you are
the one in charge.
>>REGINA: This is very
important because it's really
where the subject of
free will comes in.
It's so misunderstood.
>>WALKER: Yes.
>>REGINA: Say, I
want to do that,
and I'm just not
making it happen,
all this other
stuff's happening.
And we're not acknowledging that
the soul might be playing out
its own desires
perfectly through us,
we just aren't recognizing
the point in it yet.
>>WALKER: Yes, you're going
in the wrong direction.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WALKER: The soul
knows that, and so you,
at an unconscious
level, you create.
Let me make that
perfectly clear.
You create, consciously
and unconsciously.
So that's why it's so
important to make conscious
every thought you
think and every feeling
that you feel in
your emotional body.
And that's no easy thing to do.
>>REGINA: No, it takes
a lot of diligence,
and time, and
practice, as you say.
>>WALKER: Exactly.
So if you are veering off
in a creative area that
does not serve you
at a soul level,
you will not allow yourself--
understand this-- you will not
allow yourself to manifest it.
You will put
obstacles in your way.
No one else puts those there.
You do.
>>REGINA: But then people
say, my guides didn't hear me,
they're not giving
me what I want.
That's why I wanted to
bring up this notion
that it is the soul in charge.
>>WALKER: Exactly.
>>REGINA: And you're assisting--
working with the soul to
assist the human consciousness.
>>WALKER: Most definitely.
>>REGINA: Yes, and that's
a beautiful relationship.
And it has to be very
frustrating at times
because the will of the
conscious mind, quote,
"conscious mind," wants
one thing so badly,
and they're just having
a tantrum on one hand.
But the soul is saying, no, no,
no, don't help them with that.
This is not where we're going.
>>WALKER: No, no, it's not.
That obstacle may show up as
an individual in your life
that is there for the sole
purpose of being that obstacle.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>WALKER: Or on the other hand,
you may come across someone,
or you may meet someone, that
is there to show you something.
It's not what they say,
but it's just who they are.
And they mirror to
you a certain path.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WALKER: So there's
much at work.
The soul is a very powerful,
powerful part of you.
>>REGINA: So creative.
>>WALKER: So creative.
And it's up to you to become
more fully aware of it,
of that part of
you, who you are.
This is the part that we call
to your attention as the divine.
This is who you are
at that divine level.
Every being who is incarnated
in a body at this time on planet
Earth is divine.
Make no mistake about that.
You may not agree with
what they're doing,
or how they're creating their
environment or their life,
but at the core of
that individual,
they are a divine creator.
>>REGINA: Thank you for that.
That's always good to be
reminded for each of us.
Let's talk about
what happens when--
we hear of these situations
that our guides aren't
allowed to really interfere.
There needs to be a
request of some kind,
whether it's from our conscious
mind or from the soul.
But what about those times when
extraordinary things happen,
and they happen very quickly.
And we hear the tales of
someone flying through the air,
and they land softly--
no broken bones in a
car wreck, for example.
Let's talk about how you
guys work from that level
to alter physical reality here.
>>WALKER: Well, of course.
Your guardian angels do
that on many occasions.
Have you ever
slipped and fallen,
and you just got up
and shake yourself off?
The body is perfectly OK?
That's what a guardian
angel is to help you do.
Not only to provide that
loving, light-filled environment
for your soul to
be fully present,
but they're here to interfere
at times when it is important
that the body survive
in health and well-being
because you have a
specific purpose that
has not been accomplished yet.
>>REGINA: And you
can bend the laws
of what we call physics here.
>>WALKER: Physics, exactly.
There are no limitations.
Time-space is just
an environment
to experiment and to experience
certain levels of yourself.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
So when you need
to come in, if it's
in the best interest of
that soul and person,
you don't need permission.
You can come in, and scoop
them up, and help them,
and get them out of harm's way.
>>WALKER: Correct.
>>REGINA: And this is happening
in subtle ways, I understand,
all the time, maybe
even driving down
the road when we're
texting, keeping us out
of horrid accidents by
the millions each day.
How is the world
of guidance working
with people talking on cell
phones while they're driving?
>>WALKER: Exactly.
But that carries over
into other levels.
When you are ready to make a
decision that would lead you
in harm's way or cause you to
fall into a level of negativity
that is not really in coherence
with your soul purpose
at that particular
juncture of its presence,
then there is an
unconscious invocation
given to either a guide,
a master being, an angel,
an archangel, to interfere.
You have given permission,
permission now,
at a soul level for
that interference.
>>REGINA: Yes, and I thank
you for making that statement
because, again, this is
another subject that's
very confused on this planet.
Another one that we might even
say is in the area of mischief,
and that is working
beyond the laws of physics
in this dimension can
be very frustrating.
Because sometimes,
things almost seem
to blink in and
out of existence.
We know we put it
there, it's gone,
and then it just shows up a day
or two in the same spot later.
Some people say there
are naughty fairies doing
these things.
I've had this
happen quite a bit.
But what's actually
going on there
when our physical items simply
blink out and then blink back
in?
>>WALKER: Well, there's
a dimensional shift
that has occurred for
a reason, a purpose.
It has a purpose, and maybe
it's to draw your attention
that perhaps you are more
than what you think you are,
that you operate in
multidimensional frequencies
simultaneously.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>>WALKER: So it's not about
questioning why or how, it's
about noticing.
And each dimension
has a frequency range.
And when you are really
invested in a denser dimension,
you cannot see beyond that.
But that doesn't
mean at a soul level
that you don't
fluctuate, and navigate
in and out of those existences.
So perhaps--
>>REGINA: They're just
trying to get your attention.
>>WALKER: Exactly.
Or perhaps you shifted into
another dimensional frequency
wavelength, and you
moved that article
into that dimensional frequency.
So therefore, when
you are more centered,
and your attention is placed
in that denser reality,
it no longer exists
because you moved it.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
There are a couple
of things I think of,
just one small
example, because I know
most people can relate to this.
They've had these
silly things happen,
where I was in the office here,
a gold earring fell off my ear.
I couldn't find it.
I couldn't find it anywhere.
About four to six
months later, I
came in the office, which
was vacuumed every day,
and there it is in the middle
of the floor, a gold earring,
remanifest.
>>WALKER: What did
you learn from that?
>>REGINA: I didn't-- to be
perfectly honest, I thought,
OK, it has disappeared
somewhere, and it's reappeared.
But I didn't understand
why that had to happen.
I accept pretty
easily when things--
I don't make a fuss too much
if things disappear now.
I figure there's
a reason, there's
something I'm supposed
to notice in it.
But it's usually silly
things like that.
And I've never been able to
have real coherence around why
things have to disappear
and reappear again.
>>WALKER: At a
simplistic viewpoint,
it's showing you what
level of non-attachment
to physical things
that you have.
>>REGINA: That's the only lesson
I've been able to take from it,
is, OK, your gold
earring's gone.
You can get another.
And I did.
I went and got another.
And there it appears
after I was let go
and just got another,
let go, period.
And you're right, that is the
only thing that's come to mind
is, well, I guess I
need to not be attached.
>>WALKER: So eventually,
that teaches you
that all things
physical are transient.
>>REGINA: Yes, that's very
good, very good lesson.
It seems just like silly
hijinks and an inconvenience,
but it is a good lesson.
>>WALKER: So these
are the things
that you should
pay attention to.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>WALKER: What did
you learn from this?
So you've had a traumatic
event happen in your life.
You aren't going to understand
every nuance of that.
But eventually, if you
will pay attention,
what did you learn about that?
How did that shift the course
of your life and the choices
that you are making?
>>REGINA: Right, right.
And this, I think, a
lot of people watching
have learned, that
trauma is usually there
to teach us something.
>>WALKER: Exactly.
To make your
consciousness flower.
>>REGINA: Right.
So on this subject,
we've had so much fun.
We're running out of time
here in this dimension.
Is there anything
further you'd like
to share with us about this
relationship, which you've
told us the beginning of it?
Ask, pay attention, write
down what you're feeling,
anything happening
in your body, start
going into a very direct
companionship with your guides
and your soul, in particular.
Know that the soul is
ultimately in charge.
So if you're not having
your wishes answered
in the way you wish, it's
because it's not in your best
interest most of the time.
>>WALKER: Correct.
>>REGINA: Now what
else can we take away
from this part of
the conversation
and working with
these splendid beings?
>>WALKER: The most important
thing is using your senses.
The connection that
you have with us,
with your guides
or beings of light,
is never a subservient
relationship.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>WALKER: You are
not the victim.
They are not in charge.
You are.
If at any time, the
energy, this teaches
you to be very discerning
about the energetic environment
that you have created.
Have you drawn in a
jokester or a negative being
that sees your beloved light
and would you like some of that?
>>REGINA: Right, discernment.
>>WALKER: Discernment.
So understand, you
are always in charge.
You own your physical body.
And if ever, ever that being
brings in your thoughts
things that are negative, or
that make you subservient,
or the energy doesn't feel
right to you, dismiss it.
>>REGINA: Yes, yes.
>>WALKER: Leave.
>>REGINA: Command
that they leave.
>>WALKER: Exactly.
Exactly.
This is most important.
>>REGINA: Learning
discernment if you're
going to start engaging
consciously with other realms.
>>WALKER: Because
there are other spirits
out there in the spirit
world who have not
learned about love yet.
>>REGINA: Yes, yes.
On that note, it's very
lovely to speak to you again.
It's been a few years--
well, at least in this way.
And I thank you so much for
joining us today and helping
clarify some of these things.
And with that, I wish you well,
and we'll let Joan come back,
and then say goodbye.
>>WALKER: You're very welcome.
I am honored to be present
and be a voice of change.
>>REGINA: Thank you.
>>WALKER: Blessings.
>>REGINA: Welcome back.
>>WALKER: Hello.
>>REGINA: Hi.
Wow, the energy in the
room took such a big shift.
Goodness gracious.
I feel like my head's
about to lift off,
and the ringing, and all
the sounds, and everything.
But, Joan, we are out of time.
We had so much to talk about.
But what I do want
to talk about is you
yourself are teaching
these lovely courses now.
They go on for months at a time.
Give just a quick synopsis
of what you're teaching.
>>WALKER: We are teaching
self-awareness, consciousness.
Our courses are called
Seating the Divine Image.
It's all about you and
becoming aware of the fullness
of who you are.
So that's what
it's designed for.
And I would like to
say that we offer, once
a month, a free
teleconference to anyone
who would like to call in, and
it's called Ask the Archangels.
And an archangel,
every month, is
present to give a
short little teaching.
And then it is
opened up to anyone
on the line who would like to
ask the archangel a question.
We don't take
personal questions,
but relating to the
topic for discussion.
How does that
apply to your life?
So this is free to anyone.
And you can go on our website,
joanandjohnwalker.com,
and sign up.
It's posted every month in our
newsletter and on the web site.
>>REGINA: And that's a service
to whomever has an interest.
>>WALKER: Whoever would like.
And it just is a
good format to start
instigating that communication
with an archangel.
And they love it.
>>REGINA: Yes,
they're here to serve.
>>WALKER: Exactly.
They love humans.
>>REGINA: We forget.
We always want to bow
and feel less than,
and they're saying, no, no, no.
>>WALKER: No, no.
>>REGINA: No.
Tell us what you
want, we'll help.
Exactly.
Joan, thank you so much.
It's lovely to see you again.
>>WALKER: You are so welcome.
I'm delighted.
>>REGINA: Again, to connect
with Joan's lovely work,
you can go to
joanandjohnwalker.com.
You might also watch my
other interviews with her
in the Gaia archives.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Open Minds.